Add compression and uncompression sizes in SCHEMA_INFO.metric for easier planning. (#481)
timescale/promscale: docs/faq.md

16. How do I downsample data with Promscale?

    Right now, the easiest way is to use [Prometheus recording rules](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/configuration/recording_rules/) to downsample the wanted data and set a longer evaluation interval for the recording rule group. Note that recording rules only allow you to downsample data after the rule has been created and, as of right now, it cannot be applied to pre-existing data.

17. Why am I getting `out of shared memory` error when using pg_dump/pg_restore to backup/restore Promscale data?

    Promscale creates a table for each metric. Depending on your setup, that can be a lot of tables. pg_dump/pg_restore needs to lock each table when working on it so they can require a lot of locks in a single transaction. Increasing the `max_locks_per_transaction` setting in PostgreSQL should help in this situation.

> 18. Why is my data occupying large space?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
18. Why is my data occupying so much space?
```

>     Please ensure that you have compression enabled. You can check this via `SELECT value FROM _prom_catalog.default WHERE key='metric_compression';`. If compression is disabled, you can enable compression via `SELECT set_default_compression_setting(TRUE);`. Please note that you have sufficient background workers (i.e., > number of databases + 2) that are required to do scheduled jobs like compression and retention.
>     Also, Promscale keeps metric data in the hypertables, in form of compressed and uncompressed chunks. This is done for better performance in querying, etc. By default, compression is applied on hypertable chunks that are older than 1 hour.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Promscale keeps metric data in hypertables, which consists of both compressed and not-compressed chunks. The most recent chunk kept uncompressed as a cache for faster querying. As data ages, it becomes compressed.  Thus our data usage consists of both an uncompressed cache and compressed data. Thus, we have a constant-sized overhead for the cache compared to other systems, in return for faster query results.
    To check that compression is working correctly you can query the `prom_info.metric` view and make sure that `total_chunks-number_compressed_chunks` is not bigger than 2. If compression is not working correctly: 
    - Ensure that you have compression enabled. You can check this via `SELECT value FROM _prom_catalog.default WHERE key='metric_compression';`. If compression is disabled, you can enable compression via `SELECT set_default_compression_setting(TRUE);`. 
    - Make sure that you have sufficient background workers (i.e., > number of databases + 2) that is required to do scheduled jobs like compression and retention.
    - If you are using TimescaleDB version less than 2.0.0, make sure that you are running the maintenance cron jobs, and they are returning success. 
     ```
